---
title: "NOW HIRING - PHD STUDENT POSITION AVAILABLE"
author: "DAZ"
description: "If you are a motivated young reseracher seeking a PhD position in energy storage field, this message is for you! "
image: "/assets/images/blog/phd_offer.jpg"
---

The submission process for the PhD stipend in *A new generation of the lithium battery: assembly of the all-solid state system* project is now open!

## Job Description
The goal of this project is to investigate a new generation of batteries, constructed entirely from solid-state materials, for applications in the future e-mobility industry. The main purpose of this proposal is the validation of compatibility between both well known and recently discovered materials, both electrode and electrolyte compounds, to create a fully functional and practical all solid-state battery. The most important part of this research will focus on the interphase between electrode and electrolyte. Several promising electrode materials will be analyzed, including manganese-, nickel- and iron-based materials. The electrolytes selected for study will include such novel materials as sulfides and oxides. This new design will open the exciting possibility of applying metal lithium anodes, allowing for higher energy systems. This study covers novel research topics and directly challenges one of the most important problems facing the e-mobility industry. Your key responsibilities in this project will include:
1. Fabrication of battery materials by solid-state and wet chemical methods;
2. Development of new electrode compositions;
3. Assembly of full all-solid-state cells;
4. Electrochemical characterization of electrode materials;
5. Structural and morphological characterization of electrodes;
6. Data analysis and reporting;
7. Publication writing.
8. Full involvement in the project (40h weekly).

## Application Instructions
Before your submission, please visit the project description section and job offer to find more information about required skills and neccesary documents for this application.
1.   You can apply through the project website by submitting  [‘STEP 1’](http://lisec-tech.com/team/openings/) form (file up to 10 Mb) or you can e-mail me directly.
     * I advise you to organize your documents in the order listed in the Job offer (documents 1-4 and 6-9) and combine them into a single PDF file.
     * This will be the first step of the application process.
     * You can also review the necessary documents by following [‘STEP 1’](http://lisec-tech.com/team/openings/) in the PHD STUDENT section (without uploading a file).

2.   Once all your documents are submitted, please proceed to ['STEP 2'](http://lisec-tech.com/team/openings/) of the application in the PHD STUDENT section.

3.   Candidates selected for interview (‘STEP 3’) will be scheduled by email for either an in-person or video meeting.

## NOTES:

* The project is funded externally from the University, carried out within the Homing programme of the Foundation for Polish Science.

* The stipend duration is 23 months.

* The position **starts on 1st Nov 2018**.  

* The stipend is **3700 PLN/month (net.**). There is no tax on doctoral stipends in Poland.  

* Please be aware that while **the  certification of PhD student status** is not mandatory at the time of application, the  Homing programme requirements stipulate that the candidate **must hold** a current PhD student status in the doctoral studies at either the Faculty of Chemistry University of Warsaw or  some other Polish scientific institution **by 1st Oct 2018**.  You must obtain (if you have not already) this status independently;  selection for this position does not grant you PhD student status at the University of Warsaw.  

* For more information about the PhD recruitment you can visit the [Faculty of Chemistry University of Warsaw](http://www.chem.uw.edu.pl/kandydaci/studia-doktoranckie/) website. There is a 2-step procedure: (1) a written exam in Chemistry, followed by (2) a panel interview. To begin a registration process for doctoral studies at the Faculty of Chemistry University of Warsaw (see the Phase 2  recruitment (27.08.2018 00:01 - 05.09.2018 23:59))  please visit the [IRK application system](https://irk.oferta.uw.edu.pl/en-gb/offer/DOK2018/programme/DD-CH/?from=field:DS030303) on the University main website. For more information on the overall process of receiving PhD student status at the University of Warsaw you can go on [this page](http://en.studiadoktoranckie.uw.edu.pl/).

* As mentioned before, to receive this stipend you can be a PhD student in **another Polish institution**. Please be aware that this is a full time job offer; as a  stipend recipient in this project you will have to be physically present in our laboratory at the Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, for 40 hours weekly and fully involved in the project topic. Your doctoral program responsibilities and institution location **cannot conflict with this project’s responsibilities**.

* We are unable to assist with a relocation or visa; we can only provide proof of employment for your visa application process.

If you are qualified and interested, I wish you luck with the process and greatly anticipate your application!

Dominika Ziółkowska, PhD<br>
Project Manager
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTE3OTEyNTQxOSwtOTQ2MjMzODI4LDM1Mz
E2MjMwOCwyNTg5NjIzMTRdfQ==
-->
